[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with David Adair--
space technology
transfer consultant,
US Navy jet engine
technician, field researcher
for the Office of Naval
Intelligence, and the list
just goes on.
David, welcome to the show.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Thanks, Emery.
Glad to be here.
>>EMERY: The last time you were
on "Cosmic Disclosure," you
mentioned your brother had
these amazing experiences
with contact.
Some in relation to Betty Hill.
What can you tell us about that?
>>ADAIR: Well, my
brother moved up there--
moved in with Betty Hill.
And he stayed with her
for about eight years.
And they had a lot
of interesting--
I don't know what
you call them--
contacts, firsthand stuff.
But my brother would
tell me some things.
And it was amazing the
details that were involved.
And he mentioned one place,
I take it, it's like a city.
But I don't know if it's
on a different planet
or a different time period
or on a different planet
in a different time period.
Confusing.
But I remember
some of the detail.
The name of the place,
he called it was Pedia.
Think it's P-E-D-I-A. And I've
never heard that word before.
You know how we know Pleiadians?
It's very similar
that, buts its Pedians.
>>EMERY: Pedians.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
And that's their world
and where they're from.
>>EMERY: What do they look like?
>>ADAIR: The description
of the people
he gave, I think,
OK, I got this down.
I could imagine what it look--
man.
It was nothing I was expecting.
He said their crafts are
field-like aquariums.
So they float.
I said, well, do they
lock in seats or chairs
when they're flying?
He said, no need to.
And he said they're
inertial dampeners
filters through the water.
And I'm going, that
actually makes sense.
>>EMERY: Makes sense.
>>ADAIR: And I said,
well, are they fish?
No.
Air breathing?
Yeah.
And I said, but they're in a
constant liquid environment?
Yeah.
Amphibian?
Yeah, they got gills
under their jaw lines.
And he said, they
breath through that.
Right below their ears,
recessed back on the neck.
I went, well, that
makes sense, too.
Also their eyes, he said,
they have some kind of coating
or jelly-like substance
over their eyes.
Well, that makes sense so they
could see through the water.
So we've got this amphibian
technology capable of way
faster than light speeds.
But the way they get
around that, they
don't violate the light speeds.
And so it reminded me of
a riddle Einstein left us.
He said, how can you go
millions of the times
faster than the speed of
light without breaking
the speed of light and remain
constant in Newtonian physics?
And that thing has haunted me
for years and when I was 18,
I figured it out.
There's an answer to the riddle.
I knew about this.
And remember, this is like 1968.
I'm working on this.
How do you cross from point
A to point B on a paper.
Milky Way Galaxy, Andromeda at
the speed of light, 200 million
years to get across this page.
That's moving at 186,756
miles per second.
And still take you 200 million
years to get across there.
So what you do, people think
you fold it Well, not really.
You roll it like you
do a doobie, I guess--
I wouldn't know
anything about that.
So anyway, you roll it
and see, like a burrito.
And as the walls are
touching each other,
in the center where
the filling would be,
it's where the spacecraft sits.
And the spacecraft reaches
out on a point fixed in space
and it pulls it to it,
wrapping around it.
Now on a linear
plane, you only had
to move about that
much because you're
jumping through the walls
as they touch each other.
And I coined the phrase it's
transdimensional jumping.
>>EMERY:
Transdimensional jumping.
>>ADAIR: That's right.
And this engine I have
would allow you to do that.
And so in real time, you'd
travel about two minutes.
You shut your engines off.
And now you have traveled
200 million light years
in two minutes.
But you did it about
3/4 light speed
on that short linear distance.
So you never broke
the speed of light.
But look how far-- but
you went millions of times
further and faster than the
speed of light could do it.
>>EMERY: And what happens
with time during that, David?
>>ADAIR: It jumps with you.
When you land where
you're at, wherever
you landed at that's
where your time is,
based at that point,
that component.
But I'll be the first
to tell you there's
other things involved in
this I haven't got a clue.
I don't even know how you're
going to communicate or even
navigate.
First of all, you're
outrunning your headlights.
So how are you
going to navigate?
Or communicate-- and you
tell somebody you're coming?
Somebody's going to
have to figure that out.
I just can't seem to--
>>EMERY: What if you get there
and that star's already out?
>>ADAIR: Well, that's
the other problem.
>>EMERY: You know what I mean?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, so you
got to communicate.
>>EMERY: You got to communicate.
>>ADAIR: Anybody there?
And also, "Star Trek"
jumps around all this,
you know, the
dilithium crystals.
The best movie I ever saw
to tell you how complicated
this is was "Interstellar."
For every five minutes
you're standing over here,
70 years is passing here.
That's not going
to fare too well
from the place you just left.
You might be out here for
a few days and come back.
You know, you've had
1,000 years pass.
>>EMERY: Several thousand
years pass, perhaps.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
So it's very difficult
in stellar travel.
There is a way with you
ramping the barrier times.
I would believe,
in there, you're
going to be able
to break components
where you can cheat relative
to your space and time.
>>EMERY: Really?
>>ADAIR: Which, that
would help a lot.
But I haven't had
time to work on that.
But I think the answer's there.
But whoever these beings are
that's traveling in this stuff,
they've had to figure
out a time consequence
solution, because they're going
to run into the same problems
that the "Interstellar"
people did.
And they're still matter.
They're made of material.
And so they're going to have to
apply or bend to the same laws
or rules that--
>>EMERY: They're under the
same 3D laws that we are.
>>ADAIR: Yeah!
>>EMERY: They have to be.
>>ADAIR: And I'll tell you
something else about them.
Everybody gives them
too much knowledge.
You know, they're all-knowing,
all-seeing, they all come here.
I got news for you.
They got Murphy's Law up there
about just as bad as we do.
>>EMERY: Yes, they do.
>>ADAIR: They make mistakes.
Things happen.
>>EMERY: Biggest question I
get is, if they're so smart,
why do they get shot down?
I said, when they enter our
three-dimensional space,
they fall under the
laws of our 3D world.
>>ADAIR: That's exactly right.
And also, I'm among the type--
they spent all that time, money,
send their best personnel here,
to run a probe up you?
Because they-- I don't think so.
There's something
else to all that.
>>EMERY: Yes.
That's ridiculous.
>>ADAIR: And it's just we
ain't got the real story.
There's so much we don't
know about what's going on.
>>EMERY: What are
the characteristics
do these beings have?
>>ADAIR: As he described it
to me, it's fascinating stuff.
The lower half, like from the
waist down, is like a fish.
Top half on up is humanoid.
And first thing I said, well
dang, there's your mermaids.
You know, mermen, mermaids?
Bill said, yeah.
They had webbing
between their fingers.
That was perfect.
Their bottom halves
was long and whispery.
And we now know,
if you ever looked
at the scuba fins of the
day, they're three feet long.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: So
there's something to that.
And I'm going, well,
that's interesting.
And then this really
got good here.
I said, well, tell
me about their skin,
'cause normal skin is not
going takes 24/7 submersion.
You're going to wrinkle.
You're going to prune.
You ain't going
to look too good.
And he said yeah, their
skin is different.
He said, they don't have
scales like reptiles.
And they don't have
scales like fish,
except the scales that's
on the belly of a fish.
You ever-- you remember
how fine they are?
>>EMERY: Very fine.
>>ADAIR: You rake a knife
going the opposite direction--
some people don't
know about that.
But that's how you skin a fish.
And when the skin
come off the belly,
they are just so soft and fine.
But you ever look at
that skin on the belly?
It's unaffected by water.
Perfect.
So they have a skin like
that coating all over them.
And I said, they must
feel like a dolphin.
>>EMERY: Fascinating.
>>ADAIR: And he goes, yeah.
He said interesting word,
species you picked there.
And he said, yeah, their skin
is very similar to a dolphin.
>>EMERY: I've worked on some
water beings in the projects
that had--
they were by bipedal, but on
the outskirts of their leg,
it was like a cuttlefish.
It had these little flaps.
Did he mention
anything like that?
>>ADAIR: No, except their
legs were the flaps.
>>EMERY: They were the flaps?
>>ADAIR: They were
the flaps, all of it.
>>EMERY: So they
couldn't stand on a--
>>ADAIR: They could move.
No, they couldn't
stand up on the land.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>ADAIR: But moving
through the water?
Lightening fast.
>>EMERY: Oh, I bet.
>>ADAIR: And I just--
it was different.
And I was still stuck with the
skin thing because you know,
what we call dolphins actually
is a bottle-nosed porpoise.
A dolphin is an ugly-looking,
blunted-head fish.
And game fish.
Good to eat, though.
But a porpoise, the bottle-nosed
porpoise, its skin, it's
a mammal.
It's a mammal.
But it lives under water.
So it's had to adapt
the perfect skin for it.
And he told me the skin
between a bottle-nosed porpoise
and these beings--
exactly the same.
>>EMERY: Well, how does
your brother interact
with these beings if they
can't stand, you know?
>>ADAIR: They can't stand up.
And he's standing up
and he's breathing air.
>>EMERY: They're flopping
around on the ground, there?
>>ADAIR: Right.
No.
No, it's really cool.
You know Cameron, James Cameron?
>>EMERY: Of course.
>>ADAIR: When he made
the movie "The Abyss?"
Remember how they could
move the water about?
Water was their technology?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: So these beings
have the same thing.
They manipulate a pocket
for you to stand in.
And you've got air.
And they're all around you.
But it's just they
move the water around.
And he told me
this in the late--
actually, early '70s.
James Cameron didn't make
"The Abyss" until the '90s.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: So here, my
brother's a good 20
years ahead of all that.
>>EMERY: Well, a thin layer
of water around the being
could be manipulated for
anti-gravitic properties,
as you know.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And I think
that's what they
were-- it sounds that's how
they were getting around.
>>ADAIR: Well, can move
the walls of the water
just like we would
move dimensions.
And there is so much
more they can do.
My question him
was, OK, they got
you standing in this dry spot.
They're all around you.
How are you communicating?
And he said-- you know,
did you have a teletype?
What?
>>EMERY: Well, we are all water.
>>ADAIR: Well, he said
he just heard them.
He could hear them.
Mental telepathy.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
Telepathy.
>>ADAIR: So they
just talked to him.
And he said, you could
hear their voices.
But you didn't see
any mouths moving.
And he said they were
friendly to get along with.
I said, OK.
And their spacecrafts, they
could go to great depths,
to the Challenger
Deep, 37,000 feet down.
Or they could go into
space, total vacuums.
To them, it was no difference.
It's all just space.
>>EMERY: They're
in their own space.
They can go anywhere.
Was there anything more that
they said about using water
as technology?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, they're
perturbed by the way
we're working on this planet.
And the reason they came to this
planet, we're a water world.
If you approach this planet
from the center of the Pacific
Ocean, you don't see any land.
It's nothing but a water world.
We're a water planet with
seven floating tectonic plates.
That's what we are.
And so they picked this planet
because it had so much water
on it, which is
not easy to find.
And then you got to--
>>EMERY: Are they
taking the water?
Are they are they
residing here right now?
>>ADAIR: Yeah,
they've been here.
They were here--
>>EMERY: How long
have they been here?
>>ADAIR: A billion
years or more.
They were here before
these dinosaurs,
before any amphibians.
They may have started
the amphibians.
I don't know.
But they were here before there
was any life on the planet.
It just still the ooze and
the iron and all the elements
coming together.
>>EMERY: It was
just Pangaea, huh?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
Oh, yeah, before Pangaea's time.
>>EMERY: Before Pangaea.
>>ADAIR: They've been
around for a long time.
And they're just concerned
the way we're behaving.
Now this was interesting.
He said they said
that you just assume
that this planet is yours.
And you got-- you
ever notice how much
lifeforms you've got on it?
And that ain't normal.
>>EMERY: Definitely not normal.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, this
planet is far from normal.
Most of the other
planets have nothing.
>>EMERY: That's right.
>>ADAIR: When they do,
they have a little bit.
You guys got not thousands--
you got millions of lifeforms
on one single little ball.
And you make the
assumption you own it all?
>>EMERY: Do they just
reside in the ocean?
Did they actually help develop
all the lifeforms here?
>>ADAIR: From what I can tell.
I didn't get any
direct answers on that.
But just the way
they talk, stuff
they're communicating
to my brother,
I would think that yeah, they
had a hand in everything.
>>EMERY: They would have to.
I mean, this sounds like--
I've researched a lot my whole
life, seen a lot of things.
This seems like probably one
of the most advanced life
forms I've ever heard.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, it's--
I like the way that they
use the water technology.
But they have other
forms of technology
that, really, more designed
for dry land use than--
so it makes me think
that yeah, they've
been involved in everything.
And I wonder if they haven't
even evolved to land beings,
they have beings that
now stay on the land.
I don't know.
There's so much about
them I don't know.
>>EMERY: Well, if they have
that type of technology to get
around the universe and they
have these craft to go anywhere
on the planet--
and the secret here is water,
as you know, the formation
for everything.
And they conquered all that.
>>ADAIR: What gives
validity to all that--
we should have,
by now, we should
have had an "Independence Day."
You know, something not a little
long-necked rubber alien ET,
phone home--
something that's here to
take everything it wants.
In its way, it just kills you.
Can we cohabitate?
No, you just die.
There's got to be warring
fractions like that out there.
And I think something's saved
our bacon more than once.
>>EMERY: Yeah, there is.
I think there's a
big protection of
many different extraterrestrial
civilizations out there.
What I've gathered
through my experience was
I was told by
extraterrestrials, we
are the Disney World
of the universe.
>>ADAIR: Makes sense.
>>EMERY: And that's why they
come and visit and watch
and look over us.
We're kind of like the gem
because we're so diverse.
They think we're
the superheroes.
Even though the
movies play them out
to be the most amazing
creatures, they look at us,
and they're like, they've
been through so much hardship.
They've been through
so much war and disease
and killing each other,
and they're still there.
>>ADAIR: And still here.
>>EMERY: We're the
most resilient virus
in the universe.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
We really are like a virus.
We adapt so fast.
And sometimes I get tired
of people telling me we're
so special, we're so special.
I'm sitting there going,
I don't know, man.
We're just a miserable
liberal speck--
>>EMERY: That's right.
>>ADAIR: --of dust
in the cosmos.
And I don't see how
we're all that special.
But buddy, there's
something about us
that catches their attention.
I don't know.
There are unique things with us.
Our sense of humor,
there's nothing like it
with all the aliens.
No other races got humor.
And it's difficult to
understand, which I could see,
because we have light
humor, we got dark humor.
It's not confusing enough,
we categorize it even deeper.
>>EMERY: So what technology
that they have that's
actually better on the
surface of the Earth?
>>ADAIR: That's a good question.
Because some of my
technology and theirs--
they're mirrors.
They're twins.
>>EMERY: Oh, my.
>>ADAIR: I'm using the
same thing they're using,
which made it easy
for me to understand
when they started telling me.
>>EMERY: Such as?
>>ADAIR: Electromagnetic
fusion containment.
Most people go, oh yeah,
I was talking about that
this morning.
What about that?
No.
What is that?
In the design that
I built, I was
able to create a magnetic
bottle, magnetic sphere.
And that thing is
so powerful, it
can contain a nuclear
chain reaction.
You could detonate an H
bomb in it and contain it.
And people say, that's nonsense.
There's no such-- what is that?
I say, it does it all
the time in space.
They're called black holes.
They're just
magnetic bottles that
have stretched out to enormous
lengths called singularities.
And at the event
horizon, the opening,
matter get pulled in there.
If you got pulled
into a black hole,
it'd stretch you miles,
20, maybe 100 miles long--
still be alive.
But you'll be
stretched out that way
'cause of the gravitational
currents are so powerful.
But see, a black hole
can pull up next to a sun
and pull it in.
And it's gone.
X-rays can't escape.
Nothing.
So when you have a
magnetic containment
field of that level,
you detonate that.
What you want you can tap
into is the power of the sun.
And you have various ways
of transferring that power.
If it was in water, it
would be hydroelectric dams.
Imagine the electrical power
this thing would put out.
But it also is not a bad
way of getting around.
And even if you had a
craft that's liquid fueled,
you'd still use this
drive to get around.
And you'd use it when
you get to a planet.
It works best for them
than engaging other devices
like their water technology.
>>EMERY: Could you
create things with that?
Because you should
be able to create--
>>ADAIR: Oh, yeah.
>>EMERY: You should be able
to create your own water
or anything.
>>ADAIR: Well, you
have your own power.
You become a utility company.
You have your own
water and power.
>>EMERY: Right
>>ADAIR: Yeah, you create
unlimited energy in this thing.
Because of the heat
that's contained,
my engine, when it's running
and the field and stabilized,
I'm idling at about 100
million degrees centigrade.
>>EMERY: Shwew.
>>ADAIR: That's 10,000
times hotter than the sun.
And because you're
dealing with areas
outside the forces of nature
that's in a natural state,
you're creating and
concentrating them.
>>EMERY: Is this a dark matter?
>>ADAIR: No.
>>EMERY: This is opposite.
This is a black hole.
>>ADAIR: No, if it-- yeah.
And if anything,
this is functioning
in a very light matter world.
>>EMERY: But you were
able to stabilize it?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And contain that?
>>ADAIR: Right.
>>EMERY: That's amazing.
>>ADAIR: When a UFO blinks on
and off, it's not blinking.
It's actually moving.
It's got the electromagnetic
fusion containment power unit.
And what it's doing is simply--
what you see as a blink is
actually so fast it's moving.
You can't see it.
Blinks out here,
blinks over here.
It's moved across the horizon
fast as you blink your eyes.
And that's how they're able
to jump such great distances--
and not do it in millions of
years, but relatively quick.
>>EMERY: But they
still have mass.
They're doing it with mass.
So there must be some
sort of containment unit
around the entire
being and the craft.
>>ADAIR: There is.
That's a good assumption.
That's when I found out--
I built a containment cell to
house the power for the engine.
And then I saw
this secondary set
of algorithms that were bending.
And I went, what is that?
So it's actually the
best way to describe it,
if you could see it, it's
like a stack of donuts.
And your spacecraft is in
the center where the hole is.
And this secondary
field is wrapped
around the ship on the outside.
And you get it stabilized.
Then-- so this is the navigation
that you have to figure out--
you pick a point.
Then you pull the
fabric of space
and wind it right
in front of you.
Then you jump through
the linear walls.
Two minutes, you shut off.
And you've traveled.
>>EMERY: So you're
saying that you're
creating a gravitational field
in front of your destination.
And you get pulled into that?
>>ADAIR: Actually,
just the opposite.
You're pulling it to.
>>EMERY: You're
pulling it to you.
OK.
>>ADAIR: You are--
>>EMERY: All right,
that makes sense.
>>ADAIR: And this
fabric of space--
so you don't have to
fall on a linear plane.
That's slow, man.
>>EMERY: Yeah, right.
David, where are they
actually from in the universe?
>>ADAIR: Well, the Pleiadians,
that's not like Pleiades.
It's "Padians," is the
correct pronunciation.
>>EMERY: "Padians."
>>ADAIR: The Pedians,
apparently they
originated out of the
constellation Orion, which
is a very huge constellation.
I mean, that's--
>>EMERY: It's enormous!
>>ADAIR: Lots of communities.
But what's cool about that is
they're not in the star system.
They're in between the planets
and in between the galaxies.
Kind of like a
whale in deep ocean,
these beings are
deep space beings.
We didn't think there was
any planets or solar systems
in between galaxies.
But Hubble showed us there is.
And these things, I told my
brother back in the 1960s.
There's all kinds of
solar systems out there.
Well, we never found any
till just few years ago.
>>EMERY: So what your brother
experienced, was it in the 3D?
Or was it a conscious
meditation he was going through?
>>ADAIR: You know,
thought the same thing.
I thought, is he just
hallucinating all of this?
Have we got any tangible
stuff to look at?
And he said, no, it's 3D.
They show up and
they talk to me.
And he goes, I'm in some
kind of tag monitor program.
So they come by frequently.
And he said, and
every time they do,
it's that thing in my back
and neck that they jab at.
>>EMERY: So he actually
has an implant?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
I said, whoa, wait a minute.
What do you mean,
back of your neck?
So he said, yeah, look at it.
They were just
here two days ago.
And I looked at it.
And he's got a hole in
the back of his neck
so deep I can see
white at the bottom.
That's the vertebrate.
And I'm going, you're
a class 2 diabetic.
You're not going to heal up
with this wound that deep.
That's a puncture wound.
He said, oh yeah.
They leave it like that
for about 48 hours,
then gets a little white
crusty thing on top.
And then one more day
after that, you flick it.
And it flicks off.
And it's no mark.
And I'm sitting there
going, yeah, right!
Class two diabetic!
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's a--
>>ADAIR: So I said, I'm
coming back tomorrow.
I'll take you to the ER.
So I came back tomorrow.
Sure enough, there was a
little white flaky disc type
thing on it.
He said, give it one more day?
And I said, yeah, I will.
I came back.
And next day, he said,
I didn't touch it.
I was going to let see do it.
Flick it.
And I flicked it.
And it was gone.
And there's not a mark.
Now that's a type two
diabetic, 48 hours earlier
had a puncture wound all
the way to the vertebrate.
And there's no mark.
>>EMERY: That's incredible.
>>ADAIR: He said, that's normal.
This is what happens every
three days after a visit.
>>EMERY: I mean, I'm a
wound care specialist.
And it takes weeks to--
>>ADAIR: And that-- and
right around the hole, no--
>>EMERY: Scar?
>>ADAIR: No inflammation.
>>EMERY: No redness?
>>ADAIR: No redness.
>>EMERY: No tightness
of the skin, or any--
>>ADAIR: No.
Just like, no stress at all.
And I'm going, man!
I said, you could use that
in surgery, couldn't you?
>>EMERY: Did you do an
ultrasound or X-ray or anything
to--
>>ADAIR: No.
He's very finicky
about those things.
>>EMERY: I'm sure.
>>ADAIR: So I was just--
I saw enough right there to
know something's up, y'all.
I can't explain it.
But he said they've been
doing that for 20 years.
And he said, it'll leave you
no harm, full side effects--
you won't get infected.
You won't get sick or anything.
>>EMERY: Are they
still here now?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, they're
still coming and visiting.
But he's done this again.
He's done this-- one time
when he moved to Betty Hill
for eight years.
Never heard from him.
We all thought he was dead.
Never heard, spoke, no letter,
no phone call, no contact--
then one day he just
shows up at the house.
>>EMERY: How do you think they
affected Earth and humanity,
if anything?
>>ADAIR: I think
they've been involved
in here in a lot of ways way
back at the very beginning.
The fact that we,
as a homo sapien,
that creature goes through
changes as these aging--
from creation or conception
all the way to a baby,
there's a lot of different
stages going on in there.
And there's even
one point where we
go through an amphibian stage.
And we actually have a tail.
Everybody has a tail
when they're born,
as they're going
through this process.
In evolution, the
tail is knocked off.
But once in awhile, it doesn't.
And they're born with it.
And you've seen people.
>>EMERY: I've seen them.
>>ADAIR: They've even got the--
name a foot-long once.
And they'll cut it off.
But that's from their influence.
I think they influenced
our evolution, which is why
we have this amphibian stage.
>>EMERY: Right.
And there's this big gap, too,
in science, from Cromagnon
also.
What happened in between?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, they
must've came in.
Somebody did something.
Somebody intervened.
And whoever it is,
that's your missing gap.
And you're not
going to find them.
And it just jumped us, all
of a sudden, from a primate
to Cro Magnon, and Piltdown
Man, and all that crap.
>>EMERY: David, thanks
for coming on the show--
fascinating stuff.
It's always such a
pleasure to have you here.
>>ADAIR: Well, I'm
glad to be here.
If you people make
me think of things
I normally don't,
then after I leave,
I got to ponder for a while
the possibility of things
out there.
And boy, don't think you know
what's going on, 'cause you
know how much I've learned?
Nothing.
The only thing I know for sure
is I know nothing for sure.
>>EMERY: We always die
dumb, my mother said.
>>ADAIR: Well, I
just-- people think I'm
the brightest bulb in the box.
I can't even find the box.
So I don't know.
It's just so much
out there we just
have no idea what's going on.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]